This is not a remote tropical island.
I am inside, in a water park.
This is the largest uninterrupted hall in the world.
There are a number of larger ones, but they have pillars to stay upright.
This is just one big roof. In terms of volume it is bigger
then the assembly space of NASA.
The Palace of Westminster would fit in here, even twice.
There would still be room for some water slides.
Besides the slides and cabins - which you can rent at night -
there is a guided balloon that takes you up to the roof.
Or it can take 6 passengers for a flight in the hall.
Those panels there: they let UV light through so that trees can grow,
which means that the sun can burn you ... inside.
But in the winter this space remains tropical warm.
The amount of heating, cooling and water circulation that is needed is immense.
There is no company that is building
such a building could afford. It's just too expensive,
they could never ask for enough income to cover the costs.
And yet I am here.
That brings me to this question:
What do you do with a discarded hall for airships?
That is not a hypothetical question, that is what this is.
Actually it was not really discarded, it was never used.
This whole building is built on an old German airport,
around the turn of the century, during the dot-com bubble.
It was designed to store a huge cargo-carrying airship that was never built
because the company went bankrupt a year later when the economy crashed.
The investors lost their money,
- It took 78 million euros to build this -
it is certain that they have not earned that back.
A Malaysian company bought the hangar for a bargain price,
an amount that, in theory, can be earned back in decades.
If you give it some attention and ask for entrance
And maybe add some water slides.
And the result is, strangely enough, the largest water park in the world
and a fluke of our strange 21st century economy.
translated by: Erik Willems